feat: Introduced option to skip package installation (#131)
linux-system-roles/ad_integration: README.md

previous PAM/nsswitch changes, until
[RHEL-5101](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-5101) is addressed.

#### ad_integration_manage_packages

> By default the role will automatically install any OS‐level packages needed for Active Directory integration. If `false` the role will assume that all prerequisites are already in place and package installation will be skipped. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the role installs OS‐level packages needed for Active Directory integration. If `false`, the role assumes that all prerequisites are already in place and skips package installation.
```
